README.md, before:

# Studio AppImage for Linux

This repository provides an AppImage package of [Studio by WordPress.com](https://github.com/Automattic/studio) for Linux users. Studio is a desktop application for creating local WordPress environments, powered by WordPress.com and WordPress Playground.

## Installation

1. Download the latest `Studio-x86_64.AppImage` from the [Releases](https://github.com/yasershahi/studio-appimage/releases) page
2. Make it executable:
   ```bash
   chmod +x Studio-x86_64.AppImage
   ```
3. Run it:
   ```bash
   ./Studio-x86_64.AppImage
   ```

### Optional: Better AppImage Management

For better integration with your system and easier AppImage management, you can use [Gear Lever](https://flathub.org/apps/it.mijorus.gearlever). Gear Lever helps you:
- Integrate AppImages into your system menus
- Manage multiple AppImage versions
- Update AppImages in-place
- Generate proper desktop entries and app metadata

To install Gear Lever:
1. Visit [Gear Lever on Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/it.mijorus.gearlever)
2. Click "Install" to get it from Flathub
3. Use Gear Lever to manage your Studio AppImage

## Requirements

- Linux operating system
- FUSE (required to run AppImages)
  - For Debian/Ubuntu: `sudo apt-get install libfuse2`
  - For Fedora: `sudo dnf install fuse`
  - For Arch Linux: `sudo pacman -S fuse2`

## Features

- Create local WordPress environments
- Powered by WordPress.com
- Built on WordPress Playground
- Works on most Linux distributions
- No installation required - just download and run

## Updates

The AppImage is automatically built every week to ensure you have the latest version of Studio. You can download the latest version from the [Releases](https://github.com/yasershahi/studio-appimage/releases) page.

## Support

If you encounter any issues:
1. Make sure you have FUSE installed
2. Check if your system meets the requirements
3. Open an issue on this repository

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-2.0 license, the same as the original Studio project.

Commit message:

docs: Add disclaimer about unofficial status

README.md, after:

# Studio AppImage for Linux

This repository provides an AppImage package of [Studio by WordPress.com](https://github.com/Automattic/studio) for Linux users. Studio is a desktop application for creating local WordPress environments, powered by WordPress.com and WordPress Playground.

## Installation

1. Download the latest `Studio-x86_64.AppImage` from the [Releases](https://github.com/yasershahi/studio-appimage/releases) page
2. Make it executable:
   ```bash
   chmod +x Studio-x86_64.AppImage
   ```
3. Run it:
   ```bash
   ./Studio-x86_64.AppImage
   ```

### Optional: Better AppImage Management

For better integration with your system and easier AppImage management, you can use [Gear Lever](https://flathub.org/apps/it.mijorus.gearlever). Gear Lever helps you:
- Integrate AppImages into your system menus
- Manage multiple AppImage versions
- Update AppImages in-place
- Generate proper desktop entries and app metadata

To install Gear Lever:
1. Visit [Gear Lever on Flathub](https://flathub.org/apps/it.mijorus.gearlever)
2. Click "Install" to get it from Flathub
3. Use Gear Lever to manage your Studio AppImage

## Requirements

- Linux operating system
- FUSE (required to run AppImages)
  - For Debian/Ubuntu: `sudo apt-get install libfuse2`
  - For Fedora: `sudo dnf install fuse`
  - For Arch Linux: `sudo pacman -S fuse2`

## Features

- Create local WordPress environments
- Powered by WordPress.com
- Built on WordPress Playground
- Works on most Linux distributions
- No installation required - just download and run

## Updates

The AppImage is automatically built every week to ensure you have the latest version of Studio. You can download the latest version from the [Releases](https://github.com/yasershahi/studio-appimage/releases) page.

## Support

If you encounter any issues:
1. Make sure you have FUSE installed
2. Check if your system meets the requirements
3. Open an issue on this repository

## License

This project is licensed under the GPL-2.0 license, the same as the original Studio project.

## Disclaimer

This is not an official package and is not affiliated with, authorized, maintained, sponsored, or endorsed by WordPress.com or Automattic Inc. This AppImage is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied. Use at your own risk.
